This is a hacky solution I came up with to remove swear words from videos without the use of any API or AI services. The program uses OCR to take screenshots of a portion of the desktop and record any text that it can identify from the screenshots. Then, a scan is done to determine if there are any swear words (from the swear_words.txt file) within the recorded text. If any swear words are found, then pyautogui will press the 'm' key in order to mute the video on programs like VLC, and once the swear words disappear from the screenshots, pyautogui will press 'm' again to unmute the video. If you add the video_end_phrase and video_batch_end_phrase keywords to the subtitle files beforehand, it will let the program know to close the video player and either play the next video or end the program based on the keyword it sees in the screenshots. This program doesn't record any audio, so you'll have to use a program like OBS to record the audio while this program is running. You can also use the swear_words_line.txt file to very quickly remove all of the swear words from the subtitle files with one or two Regex commands.

The program had difficulties with properly recording the subtitle text on VLC videos, so it's better to use the video's subtitles and audio on a black screen video. I tried to manually add the audio and subtitles to a black screen video, but that gave VLC a larger workload that interfered with the latency of this program. To ensure that the program always runs fast enough to mute the audio before any swear words are heard, it's better to use a video editor to combine the black screen video and the original video's subtitles and audio into a new video that will run smoother on VLC. Once you've recorded the audio, you'll have to manually split apart the audio for each video, if you recorded multiple videos, and then you'll have to manually sync each audio track with the audio from the original videos. After that, you can use the video editor again to combine the censored audio and censored subtitles with a muted version of the original video to finish creating a censored version of the video.

This program only saves time in one step of this long process, so it's not that useful unless you have time to spare and no other options. Also, the program will keep the video muted until it stops seeing the swear words, so it ends up muting full sentences rather than just the swear words. I'm sure there are a million better ways to accomplish this task, but at least this way is free and works pretty consistently.